Update how to document changes in contribution guide & PR template (#7267)
scikit-image/scikit-image: CONTRIBUTING.rst

   * A pull request must be approved by two core team members before merging.

.. _documenting-changes:

5. Document changes

   If your change introduces a deprecation, add a reminder to ``TODO.txt``
   for the team to remove the deprecated functionality in the future.

   If your change introduces any API modifications, or impacts users directly

>    (e.g. bug fixes, performance improvements) please describe the change inside

Reviewer: This seems like overkill to me. I would prefer just saying that if you want to add a longer description of the PR you may.

Reviewer 2: I agree with @jarrodmillman. First, API changes typically imply deprecation cycles, which brings us back to the previous sentence/instruction. Then, I'm afraid that whatever "impacts users directly (e.g. bug fixes, performance improvements) covers too broad an area.

Author: I included

> For trivial changes that are adequately summarized by the PR title, this
   block can be left empty (``...``).

below to make it clear that this is only required if the PR title isn't descriptive enough. Maybe I could have worded / ordered this better.

Basically, I want users to be able to read the New Features, API Changes, Bug fixes, and Performance sections without having to go to each PR to understand if this is relevant to them. E.g. consider https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/7166: out of context, the title

> Fix deprecation for phase_cross_correlation

is vague to users. But the extended summary makes it clear to users what's going on:

> Change number of returned arguments in `skimage.registration.phase_cross_correlation`. The function now always returns the 3 arguments `shift`, `error`, and `phasediff`.

I'll try to come with a wording that makes this clearer and has some tolerance build in.

Reviewer 2: > below to make it clear that this is only required if the PR title isn't descriptive enough. Maybe I could have worded / ordered this better.

Ok, I got your intention right and I mostly agree. My reasoning is based on putting myself in a new contributor's shoes:

* repeating my support for @jarrodmillman's comment, I don't want to convey that something is (or isn't) *required*: We maintainers can complement whatever needs be complemented when we merge the PR;
* I would avoid calling any PR 'trivial:' In some cases it clearly is, by all standards, but in other, more subtle cases, it may sound demeaning.

Reviewer 2: > is vague to users. But the extended summary makes it clear to users what's going on:

Sure, but I would simply *encourage* contributors to add a longer description of their PR...

   default, changelist will use the title of a pull request and its GitHub
   labels to sort it into the appropriate section. However, for more complex

>    changes we encourage you to describe the change inside the pull request
>    description inside a more detailed code block like::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   changes, we encourage you to describe them in more detail using the
   `release-note` code block within the pull request description; e.g.::
```

>    If your change introduces any API modifications, or impacts users directly
>    (e.g. bug fixes, performance improvements) please describe the change inside
>    the pull request description inside a code block which is compiled by
>    `changelist <https://github.com/scientific-python/changelist>`_ into the
>    release notes::
> 
>        ```release-note
>        One or two sentences describing the change in imperative mood.
>        ```
> 
>    For trivial changes that are adequately summarized by the PR title, this
>    block can be left empty (``...``). If a public function, class or parameter
>    is referenced the the full import path should be used to do so, e.g.
>    ``skimage.submodule.function``. Refer to :doc:`/release_notes/index` for
>    examples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   By default, `changelist <https://github.com/scientific-python/changelist>`_ uses the
   PR title to summarize your change in the release notes.
   
   If you would like to add a longer description of your change in the release notes,
   you may do so inside a dedicated code block::

       ```release-note
       Write a longer description of the change here.
       ```

   When referencing a public function, class, or parameter, please use the full import
   path, e.g., ``skimage.submodule.function``. Refer to :doc:`/release_notes/index` for
   examples.
```

Author: Waiting for your thoughts on https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/7267/files#r1429156737 until addressing this.

Reviewer 2: Sure. Sorry for submitting a large *block* of suggestions; my intention was originally to *describe* my ideas in full sentences and bullet points, but then I thought that writing them out might be clear enough.

Reviewer 2: Ok, I've just re-reviewed this PR and I stand by this suggestion; I have updated/resolved my other comments. Thanks!
